Initial diffraction release notes for v6.8 (#36157)
mantidproject/mantid: docs/source/release/v6.8.0/diffraction.rst

- Add the ability for :ref:`CombineDiffCal <algm-CombineDiffCal>` to have a partial ``GroupedCalibration`` workspace.
  Detectors that do not appear in the ``GroupedCalibration`` have calibration constants copied directly from the ``PixelCalibration`` workspace without change.
- Expose the OffsetData parameter in the Powder Diffraction Reduction gui
- :ref:`PDCalibration <algm-PDCalibration>` has two new parameters, ``StartWorkspaceIndex`` and ``StopWorkspaceIndex``, which limit which spectra are calibrated
- :ref:`PowderReduceP2D <algm-PowderReduceP2D>` has been adapted to work with SNAP measuring data.
- :ref:`AlignAndFocusPowderFromFiles <algm-AlignAndFocusPowderFromFiles>`, when it calls :ref:`LoadDiffCal <algm-LoadDiffCal>`, it will pass through the `TMin` parameter. In the case of non-zero `TZERO` values existing in the calibration constant, the implementation of current PR will suppress the warning message about minimum TOF value shfit.

Bugfixes
############
- Fixed bug in absolute unit normalisation in ISIS powder reduction where the vanadium workspace shape was used instead of the sample.

> - Raise errors in absolute normalisation due to lack of sample/vanadium shape and material in ISIS powder reduction

Reviewer: This reads a bit strangely
```suggestion
- When performing an ISIS powder reduction, errors are raised in absolute normalisation when sample/vanadium shape and material are not provided.
```

> - Raise an error in POLARIS (ISIS) powder reduction script if user tries to creta a vanadium workspace without correcting for absorption and multiple scattering.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Raise an error in POLARIS (ISIS) powder reduction script if user tries to create a vanadium workspace without correcting for absorption and multiple scattering.
```

- Exposed ``MSEvents`` parameter of :ref:`MayersSampleCorrection <algm-MayersSampleCorrection>` to users of ISIS powder reduction scripts (parameter ``mayers_mult_scat_events`` in the instrument settings).
- Fix type conversion bug producing an error in the cross-corellation functionality of the powder diffraction calibration scripts used in :ref:`powder diffraction calibration <Powder Diffraction Calibration>`.
- Fixed bug in ISIS powder reduction for workspaces being overwritten when focussing using individual batching mode (this affected POLARIS and GEM)

Engineering Diffraction
-----------------------

New features
############

> - Added new SNAPRed menu item for Diffraction interfaces

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added new ``SNAPRed`` menu item for Diffraction interfaces
```

Single Crystal Diffraction
--------------------------

New features
############
- :ref:`LoadWANDSCD <algm-LoadWANDSCD>` has new keyword argument to apply or not apply goniometer tilts
- Update fitting coefficients for :ref:`BackToBackExponential <func-BackToBackExponential>` in SXD parameters xml file.
- Add parameter ``MinIntensOverSigma`` in :ref:`SaveReflections <algm-SaveReflections>` to filter peaks to export by Intensity/Sigma
- Support saving :ref:`LeanElasticPeaksWorkspace <LeanElasticPeaksWorkspace>` with GSAS format in :ref:`SaveReflections <algm-SaveReflections>` (calls :ref:`SaveHKLCW <algm-SaveHKLCW>`)
- New parameter in :ref:`SaveIsawUB <algm-SaveIsawUB>` to rotate the UB by the goniometer matrix.

> - New algorithm to load gaussian cube files for volumetric data into a 3D :ref:`MDHistoWorkspace <MDHistoWorkspace>`

Reviewer: Can we have a link to this new algorithm's docs?
